Add Fundraising Tiers (#11)
pytexas/pytexas.github.io: foundation/docs/sponsorship/meetup.md

---
title: Meetup Sponsorship
description: Sponsor the PyTexas Virtual Meetup and PyTexas In-Person Meetup Network
---

The PyTexas Foundation currently hosts the PyTexas Monthly Virtual Meetup and
supports various in-person Python communities and their meetups in Texas.

We currently support:

- [Katy Python Coders](https://www.meetup.com/katy-python-coders/)

> - [Alamo Python Learners](https://www.meetup.com/alamo-code-learners/)

Reviewer: Dallas? Austin?

Author: Not officially. Working on it

**For more information, email [sponsorship@pytexas.org](mailto:sponsorship@pytexas.org)**

## Sponsorship Benefits

_All benefits listed below are available with sponsorship. Benefits are active for the entire duration of your sponsorship_

- Display of Logo and Call to Action
    - Logo on our [Meetup](https://pytexas.org/meetup) website
    - Listed as a Sponsor on the Meetup page of the PyTexas Virtual Meetup
    - Listed as a Sponsor on the Meetup page of all in-person meetups PyTexas supports
- Social Media
    - 1 per month of sponsorship (3 per quarter)
- Email Newsletter
    - A mention in our monthly PyTexas Community Newsletter
    - 1 mention per quarter of sponsorship
    - Newsletter consists of ~1,000 members
    - Open rate ranges from 40%-50%
- Meetup
    - Mention and thank you at every PyTexas Virtual Meetup
        - Current attendance ranges from 30 - 65 attendees
        - Meets monthly
    - Speaking Opportunity
        - Ability to present to the PyTexas Virtual Meetup
        - 25 minute talk time limit
        - Limit to 1 talk per year
            - Starts with first month of sponsorship

>         - Can be given by company or company can designate a third-party speaker (ie customer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Can be given by company or company can designate a third-party speaker (i.e., customer)
```
